`azurerm_recovery_services_vault` - new property `classic_vmware_replicate_enabled` (#20473)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/recovery_services_vault.html.markdown

!> **Note:** Once Encryption with your own key has been Enabled it's not possible to Disable it.

> * `classic_vmware_replication_enabled` - (Optional) Whether to enable Classic experience for VMWare replication. If it set to `false` it will protect VMware machines using the new stateless ASR replication appliance. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `classic_vmware_replication_enabled` - (Optional) Whether to enable the Classic experience for VMWare replication. If set to `false` VMware machines will be protected using the new stateless ASR replication appliance. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
```

> * `classic_vmware_replication_enabled` - (Optional) Whether to enable Classic experience for VMWare replication. If it set to `false` it will protect VMware machines using the new stateless ASR replication appliance. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `classic_vmware_replication_enabled` - (Optional) Whether to enable the Classic experience for VMware replication. If set to `false` VMware machines will be protected using the new stateless ASR replication appliance. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
```
